Don't talk about it, it's unnecessary
How can that work?
You just sleep with King's Landing
No chance to speak
Must drink
Yufei, trust me
Let him add one more time when he regrets it.
I regret you kidding
Hahahaha
Xiao Junlin, let me tell you, I am a bastard in the Southern Zhou Dynasty
It depends on a person who can drink
Just give me a glass of wine later
I can make King's Landing Throat my buddy
Then you're both going to be screwed
Husband, you are awesome
We'll deal with him later.
What are you waiting for?
Hurry up and get someone on a chair
Well, congratulations to Mr. Wang for the price of 500 million
The qualifications to toast the Lord of King's Landing under the stage come to the seat
owner
When will the Lord of King's Landing and Lord Red Hands arrive?
I can't wait!
Please wait a moment
Lord King's Landing will be here soon
Don't wait.
Now you can come up and make a toast.